So for Shadow DOM then we go to menu
page JS and we create the shadow DOM.
Typically you create the shadow
DOM in the constructor, okay?
So one way is to create
a property in your own object,
in your own class,
that says this attach shadow and
it receives an object,
where we set mode open or close.
Remember, this is a way to define,
if you want the outside to access
your inner DOM or not, okay?
And then after I've done this,
it's important to change.
Where are we appending the content?
Now, it shouldn't be this,
it shouldn't be this route, that's all.
In fact now, you can go back and
put this if you want in the constructor.
You don't need to,
it's up to you where you wanna do this.
Because now you are not adding children
to yourself, but to the shadow DOM.
That is like a different document,
a different thing, Okay?
Now, you can see that the best coffee in
town is still black, the default color.
And violet, it doesn't look nice I know.
Violet is only applied to H2,
to my web component.
And let me show you how it looks
like here in the Elements tab.
Now, when you open main and
menu page, look at that.
There is like a special,
like situation here that says we have
a shadow root here that is open.
And if I open that one,
we can see its own little DOM.
It's an isolated document
within my whole document,
that's a web component with Shadow DOM,
okay?
Where the styles are only
applied to that element.
That's a web component with Shadow DOM.
I'm going to delete the style that violet,
you were expecting that, right?
You don't like the violet?
Yeah, we have a question.
>> Why don't you put
the template in the JS file, and
then just use some kind
of render function?
>> So the template is HTML, so
I'm not sure what you were thinking about
how to put this in JavaScript,
maybe in a string, you were saying.
So maybe something like this.
Can we, yes, if you're doing this,
you don't need the template,
you can just put this and
then use inner HTML, it's another way.
And then you don't use the template
elements at all, it's another way.
But yeah, this is not HTML, so
you don't have validation from
the IDE because it's a string.
But if you wanna do that,
go ahead, so you can do that.
Yeah, sure, or you can load it from from
an external file using the Fetch API.
Remember, we are not in JSX, so
I cannot write HTML like
directly in JavaScript, okay?
Can we use JSX with this?
Yeah, you can use JSX without React.
But yeah, in that case,
you will need a build process anyway and
set up the JSX factory to work
with the DOM, but you can.
So you can mix, so you can make your own
decisions here, that's the good part,
also the bad parts.